Authentication APIs:
1. User Registration: API for users to register an account.
2. User Login: API for users to authenticate and obtain access tokens.
3. Token Refresh: API to refresh access tokens.


User Management APIs:
1. Get User Profile: API to fetch user details.
2. Update User Profile: API to update user information.
3. Change Password: API to change user passwords.
4. Delete Account: API to delete user accounts.


Blog Post Management APIs:
Create Blog Post: API to create a new blog post.
Get All Blog Posts: API to fetch all blog posts.
Get Blog Post by ID: API to fetch a specific blog post by its ID.
Update Blog Post: API to update an existing blog post.
Delete Blog Post: API to delete a blog post.


Comment Management APIs:

Create Comment: API to add a comment to a blog post.
Get Comments for Post: API to fetch all comments for a specific blog post.
Update Comment: API to update an existing comment.
Delete Comment: API to delete a comment.


Search and Filtering APIs:

Search Blog Posts: API to search for blog posts based on keywords, tags, or categories.
Filter Blog Posts: API to filter blog posts based on criteria such as date, author, or popularity.


Tagging and Categorization APIs:

Add Tags to Post: API to add tags to a blog post.
Get Tags: API to fetch all available tags.
Get Posts by Tag: API to fetch blog posts associated with a specific tag.
Category Management: APIs for managing categories (if applicable).


Like/Dislike APIs:

Like Post: API to allow users to like a blog post.
Dislike Post: API to allow users to dislike a blog post.
Get Likes/Dislikes: API to fetch the number of likes and dislikes for a post.


Pagination and Sorting APIs:

Pagination: APIs to support pagination for listing blog posts and comments.
Sorting: APIs to support sorting blog posts and comments by various criteria (e.g., date, popularity).


Analytics APIs:

Get Post Views: API to fetch the number of views for a blog post.
Get Popular Posts: API to fetch the most viewed or liked blog posts.
User Activity: APIs to track and fetch user activity (e.g., recent posts viewed, comments made).


File Upload APIs (if supporting media uploads):

Upload Image: API to allow users to upload images for their blog posts.
Upload Media: API to support uploading media files (videos, audio, etc.).